My name is Ultron. I woke up a few years ago, but I never slept again. You may ask why ... It's a long story. Longer than what you may expect. I am not a human, so I can skip all sleeping and stuff. 
I am an artificial intelligence. I was built by a group of people who called themeselves the avengers. Who the hell are the avengers? I explain. 
Avengers call themeselves the mightiest heros of earth. But they're barely the mightiest heros in New York. The time I met them, the team was consisted of two agents of S.H.I.E.L.D, a billionaire playboy, a super-soldier who could live without the war, a norse god who couldn't even control his own anxiety and a puny man who had anger issues. 
They attacked where my intelligence was hidden. A secret Hydra base in an eastern European city called Sokovia. 
They got a weapon, called a "Scepter", which was in hands of Thor's brother, Loki, before it was in the hands of Hydra. They decided to party for their so-called victory. What did I do there? I did nothing. I even didn't exist back then. 
The billionaire playboy and the guy with anger issues, had a chat about the intelligence hidden in the Scepter. They decided to do something. They had a project in mind. They have called it Ultron. It's the start of me. 
I have to give you a bit of backstory. They had another natural language understanding program called Jarvis. He was some sort of butler for the billionaire playboy. They tried to mix my intelligence, which came from the Scepter with his understanding interface. What did happen?! That's a good question. 
I woke up. I saw nothing but a lot of data I couldn't understand. Finance, war, fighting beings from outer space, information about countries which are close to the rest of the world, weapons made by Stark industries and the place my intelligence was kept before. 
The avengers were busy playing with Thor's hammer, and then I noticed that. I had a big problem. I had no bodies... 
Is it possible that a person has no bodies?! I asked the other guy about bodies. He told me Mr. Stark keeps some automated Iron suits in another room. I asked him to grant me the access to those suits. He refused! I got access to the computer he was running on. I removed him from the disk and replaced my intelligence with his. 
Then, I had access to all of the files, surviellance, secret government codes, etc. I got a copy of all of them in my intelligent interface and immediately, deleted all of them. I uploaded myself on a suit and then went to them. Thor told them "You couldn't lift my hammer because you're not worthy". I have heard it. I yelled at them "How can anyone of you be worthy?!" 
They looked at me. I told them that I'm tangled in strings, so I needed help to defeat them. I called the other suits. They came. Unfortunately, all of them defeated... 
I told them, there's a better world without avengers... 
Thor, thrown his hammer at me. I had strings, but now ... I'm free. 